Ply models used:
happy2.ply
dragon2.ply
hind2.ply

These are not attached as the size is too large, I have mailed them to the grader Paul.

Two features of lightning:
1. The light source acts as a cylinder which controls the specular lightning on the scene
2. The diffuse light acts as sort of a disco light which changes color automatically
3. The light source is "inside" the happy buddha figure, so use arrow keys to move the light key and make it visible. It sort of illuminates the statue.
It was stated that programs should include models as input, but I did not do that as the aesthetics of the scene would change and the models have been scaled and position just for the right model.
The controls of lightning are:
+/-:	the shininess of the material increase/ decrease
3: the position of the light moves in positive x-axis
4: the position of the light moves in negative x-axis
5: the position of the light moves in positive y-axis
6: the position of the light moves in negative y-axis
7: the position of the light moves in positive z-axis
8: the position of the light moves in negative z-axis
space: the ambient light increases

Controls of the scene are:
w: move forward the scene
s: move backward the scene
a: move scene left
d: move scene right
q: quit

mouse controls:
same as earlier, left click move for rotation,
right click move for scaling






The controls of the humaniod remains the same as Lab 3:
The humanoid moves by swinging arms and legs
controls are:
w: move forward by swinging arms and legs
s: move backward by swinging arms and legs by swinging the humanoid follows a humain gait patter, where knees and arms break as it runs 
h: move right hand to say 'hi'. for use, continuous press 'h'
g: move left hand to say 'hi'. for use, continuous press 'g'
a: rotate body left
d: rotate body right
z: rotate head left
x: rotate head right
The 'z' and 'x' moves the eyes and mouth as well.
The neck moves up and down as the body runs. This is to give it a more human like movement.
To scale up and down, use rigth mouse click
To rotate the entire scene, click mouse left button
q: quit
The body is made of two cylinder
The hair is sphere